# traffic-control
Notebook using a virtual environment on both Windows and Linux:

---

# Running Scripts in Jupyter Notebook with Virtual Environment

This guide provides instructions for setting up and running scripts in Jupyter Notebook using a virtual environment on both Windows and Linux operating systems.

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.x installed on your system
- Jupyter Notebook installed
- `virtualenv` package installed (for creating virtual environments)

## Setup

1. Clone or download the script repository to your local machine.

2. Open a terminal or command prompt.

3. Navigate to the repository directory using the `cd` command:

   ```
   cd detecting_cars
   ```

4. Create a new virtual environment using `virtualenv`. Choose a name for your environment (e.g., `myenv`):

   - **Windows:**

     ```
     python -m venv env
     ```

   - **Linux:**

     ```
     virtualenv env
     ```

5. Activate the virtual environment:

   - **Windows:**

     ```
     env\Scripts\activate
     ```

   - **Linux:**

     ```
     source env/bin/activate
     ```

6. Install the required packages for the script:

   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Running the Script in Jupyter Notebook

1. Start Jupyter Notebook:

   ```
   jupyter notebook
   ```

   This will open Jupyter Notebook in your default web browser.

2. In the Jupyter Notebook interface choose task1 or task2(`.ipynb`) file.

3. Make sure the kernel of the notebook is set to the virtual environment you created (`env`).

4. Run the notebook cells by clicking the "Run" button or using the keyboard shortcut Shift+Enter.

   Note: Make sure to follow any additional instructions mentioned in the notebook, such as providing input data or modifying variables.

5. View and interact with the output generated by the script in the notebook.

## Exiting the Virtual Environment

To exit the virtual environment, you can use the following command in the terminal or command prompt:

```
deactivate
```

This will deactivate the virtual environment and return you to the system's default Python environment.

---
